Product-1) P35

K9 Chandelier Ceiling Lamp  (Multicolor)

₹4,050

Modern design, 1 Spiral and cutting crystals crystal chandelier lighting will decorate and lighting your room. which could be Halloween and Christmas and Diwali decorations. 3w multi colour light in this chandelier, Great home decor! The crystal chandelier is composed of perfectly cut high-definition octagonal crystal beads and raindrop-shaped crystal beads. Really shines whatever it on or off. Crystal light fixture , suitable for kitchen, corridor, living room, bedroom, kids room, girls room, staircase, office, bar, aisle, hotel, restaurant, passage, etc.


Product-2) P36

Discount4product Chandelier Ceiling Lamp  (Yellow)

₹1,899


Product-3) P37

Prop It Up Pendant Light with Rustic Black Metal Retro Matte Black Adjustable 10-Lights Hanging Lighting Pendant Lamp,Design For High Ceiling/Duplex Height Contemporary Chandeliers Black Modern Light Fixtures Ceiling Hanging Vintage Retro Rustic Industrial Pendant Lighting FIXTURE for Stayers (901/10) Pendants Ceiling Lamp  (Black)

₹8,523

Why choose Prop It Up pendant light? Weesalife lighting Limited is a professional home lighting fixtures manufacturer. In order to serve our customers more effectively and produce a wide variety of high-quality products, the manufactory has modern facilities and grest designers. We can design each unique and individual luminaire by heart according to the needs and aesthetics of the customers. Our aim: Sincerity, passion, quality,and efficient. The reason you can trust and choose this industrial chandelier. All the socket and wire of the light fixture are high-quality. Safe for home or business use. Our packaging offers complete protection for the fixture to make sure your items will come in a erfect condition. The light is easy to install.Includes instructions and mounting hardware for easy installation. If you have any questions, please let us know, and we will solve it for you.


Product-4) P38

K9 Crystal Chandelier Ceiling Lamp  (Multicolor)

₹2,339

This uniquely designed Product is made of very fine quality material and comes in various ranges & varieties and hence fulfills the need of all.


Product-5) P39

LightWave Chandelier Ceiling Lamp  (Yellow)

₹1,709




