Product-1) P17

Homesake Industrial Kitchen Glass Globe Pendant Light , Antique Filament Hanging Ceiling Fixture, Antique Copper Pendants Ceiling Lamp  (Clear)

₹1,424

Vintage pendant with Filament-style Pearl PURE LED bulb wrapped in barn style clear glass. Vintage Edison bulbs have soared in popularity; clear glass has become the new chic as it allows the filament bulbs to be seen in all their glory. The light comes with an included Canopy, Screws, 1m adjustable wire and E26/E27 LED Decorative Edison Bulb with each fixture, but can be replaced with any standard bulb if desired. This industrial vintage look is perfect for various decors and styles from lofts and warehouses to classical installations. This Pendant Lighting is perfect for your kitchen, dining room, bedroom, bar or office. Increase the classic ambience in any space. A shade will bring you back to the 19th and early 20th century.



Product-2) P18

HOME CRAFT THEME ® Crystal Hanging Lamp, Home Decor Items for Living Room Pendants Ceiling Lamp  (Silver)

₹674

Home Craft Theme Crystal Pendant Light Provides a vibrant look at your ambience. Stun evening gathering visitors when you add this gem pendant light to your lounge area or family room. With its altered cone shape and straightforward outline, this pendant carries stylish style to your space. Smooth gold subtleties and cut-gems emphasize the cutting edge look of this exquisite lighting extra. Place a line of light or a few blossoms inside and partake in the look.



Product-3) P19

HomesElite Modernism Style Antique Brass Globe Glass Lampshade Circle Shape Hanging Fixture Pendants Ceiling Lamp  (Brown)

₹1,745

Modern Design: translucent Amber Glass Shade, classic shape and design. The creative design of the ceiling lights makes this Pendant ceiling light the perfect choice for any living area in your home. Material: Glass + iron, the lamp body is made of metal and done in Electroplating Antique Brass Finish, the luster is bright, it is not easy to dissolve, anti-corrosion, anti-rust. Bulbs: Lamp holder: E27. Bulb Type: LED Bulb Included 4-Watt Application: Light luxury design style makes people feel more relaxed. It is recommended to decorate the living room, bedroom, dining room, kitchen, bathroom, corridor, etc. Easy installation: The pendant lamp are pre-wired for easy installation. all mounting hardware and quick install guide



Product-4) P20

Brightlyt Wallchiere Wall Lamp Without Bulb

₹799

Get scintillate lighting in your home by decorating it with this amazing sconce shimmer wall lamp will impress anyone with its modern design and eye catching color. It is hand crafted by using high quality material that are known for their durable and versatile traits.



Product-6) P21

HomesElite Glass Globe Pendant Light Fixture, Mid Century Modern Hanging Cluster Lighting with Black Smoke Glass Shades for Bedroom Kitchen Island Dining Room Lampshade

₹999

The eye-catching globe pendant light features a large white globe glass lampshade, classic and elegant. add a stylish look while illuminating your room to create the perfect



Product-7) P22

HomesElite Ceiling Pendant Lights Modern Hanging Fixture Brass Gold Electroplated Water Droplet Globe Roof Mounted Bedroom Living Room Kitchen Bedside Hall Indoor Lighting (Bulb Included)

₹1399

The design perfectly show a timeless style and contemporary charm to any space. This pendent light with frosted jade white globe glass shade nordic feature and golden finish adds retro style.It's the perfect light fixture to install in beside room,kitchen,dining room,living room,foyers and more. Material: Brass, glass,,Lamp holder: E26 (bulb not included) Easy And Quick Installation Design:All our products come with a convenient installation pack to make it very easy to install with bulb. Design and Material: the wall lights are made of metal with a glass ball lampshade, 1 pack Suitable for :- Home> Bed Room, Living Room, Over the Dining Table, For Restaurant ,Bar Counter, Hotels, Malls, Shops ,Clubs , Pubs, Pool Table, even a foyer or entryway etc.














