Product-1) P64

Prop It Up led Work lamp

₹3,059

American style Retro LED Table Lamp,Vintange Antique Copper Table Lights for Bedroom Studyroom Bedside Desk lamps For Home Features: 100% Brand New Material:Iron Light Source:LED Bulbs/Energy-saving lamp 1 Colors available:Show as the picture Certification:CCC,Rohs,CE,ul, Application:Bedroom,Study Lighting Area:10-15 square meters Base Type:E27 Voltage:90-260V, Power Source:Ac Is Bulbs Included:No Plug: Indian plug cord with on/off switch Package Content: 1pcs table lamps .



Product-2) P65

Colour Mode LED Lamp

₹598

An LED lamp or LED light bulb is an electric light that produces light using light-emitting diodes (LEDs).



Product-3) P66

Stylish Wooden Iron LED

₹5,430

Three-color switching:White light, warm white, natural light three-color switching.You can choose the light color you like.
Warm White Dimming:The brightness of the light can be adjusted to meet your different brightness needs
Iron lampshade: It is made by repeated spraying and baking of environmentally friendly paint at high temperature, uniform color, non-toxic, harmless, anti-corrosion and anti-rust.
Humanized design, twist movable joints, can adjust height at will, bend and extend, and adjust new height.
Natural solid wood base: pure natural solid wood + environmental protection varnish, anti-insect and mildew, hand polished, smooth and burr-free.



Product-4) P67

Study lamp Rechargeable Led

₹349

Made of ABS, lightweight, durable and smooth texture feeling. The lamp has 3 level of brightness (High-medium-low). Easy to turn on and off in second by touch-sensitive controller.. 360 degree free twisted tube can be bent to direct light just where you want it.


Product-5) P68

Classic Rechargeable Table Lamp

₹706

A desk lamp is a portable task light that sits on a desk or table to provide targeted illumination for accomplishing tasks such as computer work, reading, writing, drafting, crafting, bookkeeping, sewing, knitting, and painting. Desk lamps provide adjustable illumination to ensure task visibility and ergonomic comfort.



Product-6) P69

Touch Control Task Lamp

₹388

A circuit that closes a relay when two metal areas are bridged by a finger or hand.



