Product-1) P01

BTR Crafts 14" Inches Premium Jute Drum Hanging Lamp Shade , Silver Canopy S-Hook Cotton Light Hanging Chain Rod

₹ 1,329

BTR Crafts is a brand provides wide range of lamp shades . We are manufacture & supplier all kind fabric, designed hanging lamp to décor your home, office, hotels, party, gardens , for occasions also etc.



Product-2) P02

Homesake Birds Hanging Drum Lamp Shade, Decorative Light Lamp for Living Room Pendants Ceiling Lamp  (Multicolor)

₹759

The hanging light's metal Frame with anti-rust.Metal cage lights'woven sepak takraw pendant light can soften the light to protect the eyes or dust-proof, The farmhouse light fixture is perfectly for hallyway,entryway,bedroom,bathroom,resturant, carport,island kitchen,guest room,power room,living room,kitchen sink,etc.,Easily add personality and vintage flair to any space with the ambiance of an attractive wicker pendant light.



Product-3) P03

Fos Lighting Pendants Ceiling Lamp  (Brown)

₹11,376

This single light ceiling hanging features a hand-stitched drum-shaped brown hanging shade wrapped in supple leather. Its stunning yet simple design provides a striking display of contemporary decor. It is an ideal choice for adding the finishing touch to a room. This light fixture gives an opulent touch to your living room, bedroom, or hallways.



Product-4) P04

BTR Crafts 10"inches Green Texture Hanging Drum Lamp Shade, Silver Canopy S-Hook Cotton Light Hanging Chain Rod

₹1,029

BTR Crafts is a brand provides wide range of lamp shades . We are manufacture & supplier all kind fabric, designed hanging lamp to décor your home, office, hotels, party, gardens , for occasions also etc.



Product-5) P05

Devansh Multicolor Cotton drum Hanging Lamp Pendants Ceiling Lamp  (Multicolor)

₹1,399

Devansh Fabric hanging Lamps are going to Enhnace the beauty of your House



Product-6) P06

LAMPS OF INDIA Ceiling Light, Retro Industrial Iron Chandelier Ceiling Lamp  (Brown)

₹1,790

Ceiling Lamp Light, Retro Industrial Chandelier Rustic Rope Hemp Dining Lighting Pendant Lamp (Bulb Not Included, Beige)



Product-7) P07

Nutcase Hanging Lights for Ceiling Designer Pendant Lamps for Home Decoration - 15" Drum Shape Shade - Made in India - Bulb Included

₹1,599

Now add a touch of design and color to your living room, bedroom or dining room with this center piece worthy designer ceiling hanging lamps/lights. Made with life-proof fabric this big shade is 15 inchesin size and drum shaped. Nutcase lamps look beautiful when lit and unlit.



Product-8) P08

Addington Park 31786 Roatan Collection 3-Light Contemporary Cage Pendant with Seeded Glass Shade, Bronze Finish

₹20,601

Easily revitalize the look of any room in the house with the Addington Park Roaten Collection 3-Light Pendant. The traditional drum style gets a fresh twist with a layered shade effect. An outer cage of delicate circles surrounds a smaller inner shade of seeded glass for a dreamy and glamourous effect. The bronze finish adds extra elegance with a slightly vintage touch that will look on trend for years to come. A beautiful focal point for any room, this pendant looks great above dining tables, in bedrooms, or anywhere that needs a refined upgrade.







