Product-1) P83

Tealight Holders Tealight

₹173

Only White glass received red glass is used for only photography. This is beautiful Decorative Tea light which provide a unique and vintage look of your home,office & room. This tealight holder is decorative, and it will be sure to add a subtle accent of sophistication to any event or even your room



Product-2) P84

DULI Wall Candle Holder

₹699

DULI Presents a beautiful wall hanging sconce holder in a gorgeous vintage style that will add a warm glow to a room. In a very striking and unusual design with a black and golden finish, The gold backing in the sconce magnifies the glow from the tealights and adds the perfect finishing touch to a room. Made from metal with a gold inner and black painted finish on the outside. The hammered finish adds a dimple effect. Easily wall mounted with Chains. Just one of our many tealight and candle holders, with so many more choices in a range of styles, colors, and designs, you cannot fail to find the perfect one for you.



Product-3) P85

Wall Hanging Twisted Petals

₹949

This beautiful candle holder is a decorative and practical addition to your home decorations. The simple, yet elegant design directs the eye to the center. This minimalist, modern piece works great alone, or as a set with multiple matching pieces. Stagger them down the wall, or hang them at intervals around the room to add some much needed texture to your home. Perfect for bedroom lighting and living room or kitchen accents, this candle holder also makes an excellent addition to event furnishings.



Product-4) P86

Golden Drop Wall Sconce

₹279

This beautiful drop shaped candle holder is a decorative and practical addition to your home decorations. The simple, yet elegant design directs the eye to the center. This minimalist, modern piece works great alone, or as a set with multiple matching pieces. Stagger them down the wall, or hang them at intervals around the room to add some much needed texture to your home. Perfect for bedroom lighting and living room or kitchen accents, this candle holder also makes an excellent addition to event furnishings.










