Product-1) P44

Circle Dot Gold Hanging Lights

₹799

Add a great decor idea to your interior with handcrafted antique golden color metal made ceiling lamp. Today, they are a popular choice among designers due to their style and overall craftsmanship. These are totally handmade by Indian rural artisans. Having good golden finish with beautiful reflection.It comes with everything you need to install (canopy, a 1m black cord with metal base cap.) Around 15 minutes is enough to get the job done! Perfect for House, Bedroom, Living Room, Dining Room, Foyers, Bar, Restaurants, Coffee Shop, Club Decoration.Having good golden finish with beautiful reflection.



Product-2) P45

bandhan WLRB5 Pendants

₹192

This Lamp Required Assembly Easy within a minute Assembly. QC Passed HI-Density HDF wood Material and Light Weight. Long Life Durability Attractive Look With Stylish Design & Colours. Upgrade The Looks Of Your Living Room/ office / restaurant With The Purchase Of This Sharp And Stylish Multicolor Flush Mount Lamp By Ascension From The Finest Quality material, This Ceiling Light Will Remain The Same For Many Years.



Product-3) P46

Prop It Up Ceiling Lamp

₹292

Looking for something beautiful and elegant for your home entrances, hallways, porch, balcony, living or bed room? light with one lamps will intensify the allure and elegance of your area. It is beautiful both ways - with or without switching on the light. When you turn on the light, it startles you with its enchantment. It is easy to maintain. Easy Cleaning. Handmade Glass With Durable Work With Superfine Quality Supreme Design With Fine Finishing. Beautiful Royal Looking Decorative Wall Lamp If You Like Our Product You Can Provide Us Positive Feedback With 5 Stars Which Will Help Us To Serve You Better In Future Please Note:Bulb not included with the fixture. Antique designed wall lamp adds great aesthetics to you home with its old world charm. Its soft yellow light adds a unique theme to your home. It can be used for in indoors or outdoors for decorative lighting.



Product-4) P47

US DZIRE 162 Hanging lamp

₹297

Beautiful designs looks very elegant and can be mounted anywhere in your HOME, OFFICE, HOTEL, RESTAURANT, CAFE, RESORT looks very attractive, Upgrade The Looks Of Your Ceiling. Our Ceiling Lamp Will Remain The Same For Many Years. It Is Highly Durable And Light In Weight. It Is Designed To Replace Incandescent Equivalents To Save You Energy And Still Achieve Superior Lighting. Don’t Wash lamp with water Clean with wet cloth. This Lamp Required Easy few minute Assembly, like a child puzzle game, See Assembly Process helping Video Link by QR Code Or Text Diagram Will be given with lamps. Don't worry. Thank you - US DZIRE Retail Team.



Product-5) P48

Gojeeva Wooden Pendant Lamp

₹539

Let your guests admire your rich taste in home decor accessories from the latest collection of Laxmi. Made from a premium quality material, this lamp can be used purely as a charming decorative piece. This amazingly beautiful lighting option has been created with quality and utility. In addition, its lovely structure will surely attract a lot of onlookers. Further, this pretty lamp will enrich the look of any space giving it a visually delightful approach. Invest in this lamp and make your plush home a prettier one.



Product-6) P49

Fancy Pendant Light

₹302

Beautiful designs looks very elegant and can be mounted anywhere in your HOME, OFFICE, HOTEL, RESTAURANT, CAFE, RESORT looks very attractive, Upgrade The Looks Of Your home. Our Lamp Will Remain The Same For Many Years. It Is Highly Durable And Light In Weight. We Use High Quality PVC lamp shade. It Is Designed To Replace Incandescent Equivalents To Save You Energy And Still Achieve Superior Lighting. CAUTION: Don’t Wash lamp with water, Clean with wet cloth. Use bulb up to under 60 watt This Lamp Required Easy few minute Assembly, like a child puzzle game, See Assembly Process helping Video Link by QR Code Or Text Diagram Will be given with lamps.



Product-7) P50

HomesElite Metal Hanging Lamp

₹725

ADJUSTABLE HEIGHT: The length of the wire can be adjusted to give the light any look, from stacked to symmetrical. Best suited for Dining Room, Bedroom, Living Room, Bar, Restaurants, Study Room, Aisle, Corridor, Coffee Shop. Made in India and Exclusively Hand-crafted: All our products are designed and manufactured by our skilled artisans using indigenous techniques in India, Sustainably and with locally procured material. Classic design: illuminate your dining room or living room with this striking cluster pendant features three graduated cube shaped lights suspended from a round plate on black-finished rods artfully displayed at different heights. Specification: this hanging pendant fixture comes fitted with an e27 edison vintage bulbs (bulbs not included) and features a 40 inch fully adjustable cord, allowing you to customize the fixture to your lighting needs and desired look and a canopy for the ceiling
















