Product-1) P117

Star Curtain LED Lights

₹599

Perfect to decorate your house, room, garden, tree,.6.6Ft x 3.3Ft star curtain string lights with 138 LEDs, power line length is 5.3Ft. For christmas, diwali, wedding ceremony, valentine's day, birthday party and other festivals or celebrations at home, restaurant, hotel, commercial building.



Product-2) P118

Yellow Rice Lights

₹250

16 LEDs Spring Coil Light String Metal Lamp Shape Fairy String Lights Indoor,Party,Patio, Bedroom,Christmas Tree,Decorative Lights/Diwali String Light Golden



Product-3) P119

Yellow Bee Lights

₹299

A Unique and beautyful 5m Honey Bee fairy Light for Bedroom Home Decor Festival Birthday Occasion Wedding Party Valentine Dates Anniversary Christmas Decor Diwali , You can Easily Decorate your favorite places with this Honey Bee String Light, you can Make any Place Mystic and magical like Your Home, Restaurant, Club, Cafe and even Indoor and Outdoor Areas with this Warm White Copper Wire honey bee Lighting. This Warm White Hanging Light is 3 AA Battery Operated. All 20 LEDs are pixel LEDs and gives extra Bright Warm white Light, and the Copper wire is used in this Fairy light which is quite flexible. This 20 LED Lamp String Lights battery Operated can be Fix Anywhere and easy to use and operated, afe for Kids and Pets and also Environment Friendly About the Product: Color - Warm White Shape - Honey BEE Size (End to end) - 4m Operated with - 3 AA Batteries In the Box - 20 LED Honey Bee Fairy String Light



Product-4) P120

Yellow Star Lights 

₹249

Star string lights can be used for indoor/outdoor parties, Birthday, Diwali, Christmas, Navratri, Valentine Gift, Home Decoration, garden, trees, cafe, music bars, wedding, birthday, school party, concerts, stage, etc. star string lights can also be used to show their creativity. These lights come in warm white color which suits everyone. These lights can be operated with the help of Batteries . This light is made of high-quality material and there is no risk of shock. Copper wire has been used in the lights, which guarantees long-lasting. ???Specification??? ? Material: copper wires ? led Wire color: Warm White ? Light color: warm white ? Total Length of lights (end to end): 8m ? Package content: String lights 1Pcs ? Star/Clip Count: 20 ? Operated Through batteries ? Including 1 x 20 led Star String Lights







