Product-1) P159

Traditional Outdoor Gate Light

₹2499

This is a aluminum casted outdoor gate pillar lamp post garden light with unbreakable fiber shade in antique finish. Best suitable for main gate pillar, bollard light, garden light, poll light, lamp post, table lamp, post top lantern, etc.



Product-2) P160

Acrylic Round Gate Light

₹2399

something elegant for your home entrances, balcony, or garden area? Made From A Premium Quality Material (Aluminium Casting), The product will be properly packed to ensure no damage in transit. Made in India. No. of holders - 1 Nos. Holder type B-22 suitable for normal CFL. The product comes without any tubes, bulbs or lamps. ( Bulb Is Not Included )



Product-3) P161

Pillar Pole Gate lamp

₹2649

HOLDER TYPE/ Product Dimensions :Product Normal B22 BRASS holder for easy installations.make your work easy, designer lights for Gate Light USES FOR 



Product-4) P162

Acrylic Garden Lights

₹2799

PROP IT UP is a well-known brand in the Luxurious Wall Fitting Lights industry. Our products range from a wide variety of luxurious light mountings and fixtures to embracing your style of living. Our unique design makes it a perfect fit for any Indoor and Outdoor use. Let it be Gate lights, Wall lights, Sconces, Chandeliers and many more adding up to enhance the beauty of your home. We are a unique choice for our customers when it comes to home decor items. These PROP IT UP Lamps are made up of high-quality, washable and easy to clean material. It has a long service life. It is resistant to water and works for a long period of time. Exquisite manufacturing process, for each incision, surface stains and bonding points for careful treatment.



Product-5) P163

Aluminium Gate Light

₹1899

Looking for something elegant for your home entrances, balcony, or garden area? Made From A Premium Quality Material (Aluminium Casting), This Gate-Light is a wonderful way to welcome guests and light up your front porch. It is also a great choice for a screened-in porch or patio. The product will be properly packed to ensure no damage in transit. No. of holders - 1 Nos. Holder type B-22 suitable for normal CFL. The product comes without any tubes, bulbs or lamps.( Bulb Is Not Included )



Product-6) P164

ZOREZA Cast Aluminium Gate Lamps

₹1950

ZOREZA Looking for something elegant for your home entrances, Wall Lights, Wall lamp, House Gate lights , Gate Lamp, Night Light or garden area, This weather-proof Gate Lights and golden powder coated aluminum cast wall light / Wall lamp mount is a wonderful way to welcome guests and light up your front porch, It is easy to maintain and easy to clean, The product will be properly packed to ensure no damage in transit. Made in India. No. of holders - 1 no. Holder type B-22 suitable for normal bulb, CFL & LEDs. The product comes without any tubes, bulbs or lamps.






