Product-1) P90

Eyeshot Wall Lamp

₹649

Lemon Gold Classic Design Hand Crafted in India Round Globe Shaped Wall Light Lamp.Amazing looks to your Home Interior. A Useful Addition to Your Home Decor Arsenal. Crafted From High Quality Material, It has Long Life and Energy Efficient Wall Lamp, gives More Brightness with the use of LED Bulb. It's the perfect light fixture to install in kitchen ,dining room ,living room, foyers and more. Applicable Bulb Type: LED bulbs carefully handcrafted using quality heavy gauge Brass .



Product-2) P91

Swing Arm Wall Lamp

₹399

DIMMABLE: Fully dimmable with compatible dimmer switch to create the perfect atmosphere.Suitable for: Home> Bed Room, Living Room, Over the Dining Table, For Restaurant, Bar Counter, Hotels, Malls, Shops, Clubs, Pubs, Pool Table, even a foyer or entryway, etc. Hanging Light for Ceiling, Pendant Light for a ceiling, Ceiling Light, Wooden Hanging Light for the ceiling ; Gives Classy look to your interior.



Product-3) P92

Wallchiere Wall Lamp

₹1279

Lemon Gold Classic Design Hand Crafted in India Round Globe Shaped Wall Light Lamp.Amazing looks to your Home Interior. A Useful Addition to Your Home Decor Arsenal. Crafted From High Quality Material, It has Long Life and Energy Efficient Wall Lamp, gives More Brightness with the use of LED Bulb. It's the perfect light fixture to install in kitchen ,dining room ,living room, foyers and more. Applicable Bulb Type: LED bulbs carefully handcrafted using quality heavy gauge Brass .



Product-4) P93

Uplight Wall Lamp

₹549

We Preasent A new Attractive Decorative wall lamp Get brilliant lighting in your home by decorating it with this amazing white sconce wall lamp brought to you by  VAGallerKing  This lamp will impress anyone with its modern design and eye catching colour. It is crafted by professionals using high quality Metal, glass and brass that are known for their durable and versatile traits. A great gifting option, it will make your friends and relatives marvel at your taste in home decor products. So lighten up your homes by purchasing it at a reasonable price.



Product-5) P94

Wallchiere Wall Light

₹1776

A stylish lighting solution, this charming wall showcases a metallic finish and classic design. When it comes to good lighting, your fixture can make it or break it. Find the light you love with this wall sconce. Crafted from metal, the base features one curved arm that’s affixed to your wall on a round backplate, elevating your space in mod style. Perfect places for the use of the fabric wall light are spaces above a bed or the sofa. The integrated joint makes it possible to bring the lampshade nearer to you, as required.



Product-6) P95

Pendant Wall Lamp

₹341

One of the best ways to show off your prized artwork collection is to shine lighting on them. It will attract the attention you want. This is what art galleries do! Sold by VAGalleryKing







